[14.0][ADD] purchase_requisition_analytic (#1834)
OCA/purchase-workflow: purchase_requisition_analytic/readme/ROADMAP.rst

> When create a RFQ this module has to propagate the purchase agreement analytic account in all RFQ lines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating an RFQ this module has to propagate the purchase agreement analytic account in all RFQ lines.
```
